Stop
Lu Yao actually came back
When your house is in debt?
Got it.
The house still bullies my sister
Do you still have a royal house?
Hahaha King
Come and show him
We agreed to pay back the money within a month
If you don't pay the money, take the house to pay off the debt
You don't give money or a house now.
I don't have a network interface card
Neither of us has a network interface card
Lu, aren't you going to cut me?
My boss is here, you can cut it
I'm afraid you don't know the surname Lu yet, right?
Brother Long is a private person
Don't say there's an IOU
Just no IOU
Beat your family of three to death, who dares to kill?
Shandong
Don't go too far.
Haha, it's too deceiving.
I'm going too far today
Just to show you
Come and light them up for me and pull them in.
Hahahaha